# Daily Tasks Orchestrator

## Overview

The script `daily_tasks_orchestrator.py` serves as a daily monitoring tool for model events. It scans new events generated by your models, evaluates them against specific conditions, and if the conditions are met, triggers human review tasks using Amazon SageMaker's Augmented AI (A2I) service.

## Pre-requisites

- AWS Account
- Python 3.x
- Required Python Packages (Install via `pip install -r requirements.txt`)

## Deployment

### Automatic Execution

This script is designed to be run periodically and should be wrapped within a job scheduler or service that can invoke Python scripts at defined intervals.

#### Options for automatic execution include:

- **AWS Lambda with CloudWatch Events**: Schedule the script to run as a Lambda function, triggered by a CloudWatch Events Rule at your desired frequency.
  
- **Cron Jobs (Linux)**: Schedule the script using a crontab to run at specific intervals.
  
- **Task Scheduler (Windows)**: Use the Windows Task Scheduler to execute the script periodically.

## How It Works

1. **Fetching Events**: The script queries new events generated by your models over a specified period.

2. **Condition Checking**: Each event is evaluated based on defined logic and conditions.

3. **Task Creation**: If an event meets the specified conditions, a human review task is initiated in Amazon SageMaker A2I.

## Usage

1. Configure your AWS credentials.
  
2. Edit the `env_config.json` file to specify your environment variables like `REGION`, `ACCOUNT`, etc.

3. Make sure to install all Python package requirements:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
  
4. Deploy the script to your chosen job scheduling service.

